[Notifier] Add Chatwork Notifier Bridge (#17231)
symfony/symfony-docs: notifier.rst

.. versionadded:: 6.2

>     The Zendesk, Chatwork integration was introduced in Symfony 6.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Zendesk and Chatwork integration were introduced in Symfony 6.2.
```

Author: @OskarStark Thank you! I Applied.
